com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/CategoryItemBindingImpl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.CategoryItemBindingImpl
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityAddressesBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityAddressesBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/AppBarAddressesBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.AppBarAddressesBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityCartBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityCartBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/AddressItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.AddressItemBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ProductItemsBindingImpl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ProductItemsBindingImpl
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityEmptyCartBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityEmptyCartBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityProductBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityProductBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/TopCategoryItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.TopCategoryItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ContentGalleryBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ContentGalleryBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ContentAddressesBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ContentAddressesBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/CartItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.CartItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/category/dao/CategoryDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.category.dao.CategoryDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.category.dao.CategoryDao_Impl$1
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/setProfile/SetProfileDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.setProfile.SetProfileDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.setProfile.SetProfileDao_Impl$1
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/GalleryItemBindingImpl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.GalleryItemBindingImpl
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityGalleryOldBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityGalleryOldBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/BuildConfig.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.BuildConfig
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/TopSellingItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.TopSellingItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/CategoryItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.CategoryItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/database/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.database.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.database.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/topRatedProduct/dao/TopRatedDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.topRatedProduct.dao.TopRatedDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.topRatedProduct.dao.TopRatedDao_Impl$1
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/FragmentGalleryAllBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.FragmentGalleryAllBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/GalleryItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.GalleryItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityResetPasswordBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityResetPasswordBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityVerifyPhoneBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityVerifyPhoneBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityCategoryBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityCategoryBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/AddMobileDialogBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.AddMobileDialogBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ContentSubscriptionBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ContentSubscriptionBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityProductSPBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityProductSPBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ContentProductBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ContentProductBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/OrderItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.OrderItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ProductCategoryCardviewItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ProductCategoryCardviewItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/AppBarProductBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.AppBarProductBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/AppBarSubscriptionBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.AppBarSubscriptionBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/TopRatedItemsBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.TopRatedItemsBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/topRatedSelling/dao/SellingDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.topRatedSelling.dao.SellingDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.topRatedSelling.dao.SellingDao_Impl$1
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/MyCartItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.MyCartItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/TopCategoryItemBindingImpl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.TopCategoryItemBindingImpl
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityTermsAndConditionBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityTermsAndConditionBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/NavHeaderHomeBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.NavHeaderHomeBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityCategorySPBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityCategorySPBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityChangePasswordBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityChangePasswordBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/product/dao/ProductDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.product.dao.ProductDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.product.dao.ProductDao_Impl$1
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.product.dao.ProductDao_Impl$2
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/TopProductCardviewItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.TopProductCardviewItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityMyCartBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityMyCartBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ProductItemsBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ProductItemsBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/topCategory/dao/TopCategoryDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.topCategory.dao.TopCategoryDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.topCategory.dao.TopCategoryDao_Impl$1
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/OfferCardViewBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.OfferCardViewBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/StaggeredCardviewItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.StaggeredCardviewItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/AppBarGalleryBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.AppBarGalleryBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/TopSellingItemBindingImpl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.TopSellingItemBindingImpl
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/DialogRequestBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.DialogRequestBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityGalleryBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityGalleryBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/order/OrderDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.order.OrderDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.order.OrderDao_Impl$1
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/register/dao/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.register.dao.UserDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.register.dao.UserDao_Impl$1
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityAuthBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityAuthBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivitySubscriptionBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivitySubscriptionBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityAddAddressBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityAddAddressBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityProductDetailBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityProductDetailBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/SubscriptionCardviewItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.SubscriptionCardviewItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/gallery/dao/GalleryDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.gallery.dao.GalleryDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.gallery.dao.GalleryDao_Impl$1
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/login/dao/LoginDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.login.dao.LoginDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.login.dao.LoginDao_Impl$1
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.login.dao.LoginDao_Impl$2
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ContentHomeBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ContentHomeBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.atlas.orianofood.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.atlas.orianofood.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ContentCategoryBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ContentCategoryBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/AppBarHomeBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.AppBarHomeBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/CategoryCardviewItemBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.CategoryCardviewItemBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivitySigninBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivitySigninBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/TopRatedItemsBindingImpl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.TopRatedItemsBindingImpl
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityUpdateEmailBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityUpdateEmailBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/AppBarCategoryBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.AppBarCategoryBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityPrivacyPolicyBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityPrivacyPolicyBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/atlas/orianofood/mvvm/getProfile/model/dao/ProfileDao_Impl.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.getProfile.model.dao.ProfileDao_Impl
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.getProfile.model.dao.ProfileDao_Impl$1
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.getProfile.model.dao.ProfileDao_Impl$2
 com.atlas.orianofood.mvvm.getProfile.model.dao.ProfileDao_Impl$3
com/atlas/orianofood/BR.java
 com.atlas.orianofood.BR
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
